I actually did not choose this career, Really. I mean, I guess I did,
But I was not looking for this career. I was working. So in 2000 and
three, I was working in a research lab at U. C. I and I was a post
doctoral students, so that meant that I had already got my PhD and I
was doing research under the guidance of more senior researcher. And
I had just gotten a grant from the National Institute of Health that
would support my work for three years. So I, you know, I was very
happy with the project that I was doing and, you know, was not looking
for a job. And my old mentor, Dr Margaret White, who worked at Cal
State Fullerton in the psychology department, and she taught the
Biocyte classes, and I had just loved her classes. They really spoke
to me amid the sea of all the other psychology classes, so I had actually
developed a relationship with her. I served as her graduate assistant
when I was in the Masters program at Cal State Fullerton before
I went into my PhD program, and she had just remained a friend
and a mentor throughout grad school on into my post, doc. And so she
contacted me and told me that she was planning on retiring. She had
made the decision to retire and that they were going Thio do a search
to replace her, replace, find someone to replace her. And she wanted
me to apply for the position. And I said, You know, I just got this
grant. I'm really happy I'm in the middle of this big research program
and I love what I'm doing. You know, I don't I don't want to
apply for this job. And I didn't want to be a teacher. I wanted Thio
be a researcher and go into industry. Um, and so being a teacher had
really never been on my radar and she said, You know, that may be
true right now, but it's always a good you know. This is good practice.
You, you know, it's it's a good idea to apply for jobs. Before you
know you're really wanting to find a job. Consider a practice. Go
in. Just get your resume together, get all your stuff together again.
This is good practice to get all these documents together. now and
just go and apply. And so I did, and they called me back and I had
a phone interview, and then they asked me to come in an interview,
and I went in and I gave a lecture and the talk, Um, and I ended up
getting hired. And that, I guess, is when I chose because I was like,
Well, I can stay here at U C. I doing the research that I'm doing
and really enjoying Or, you know, I've been offered this job at Cal
State Fullerton and, you know, honestly, I don't even know what it was
that made me take the job. I mean, I really loved Cal State Fullerton.
I had gone there as a student and, you know, really had a fondness
for the department. And I think, part of what made me go what made
me choose it at that particular moment in time was that when I was
a student at Cal State Fullerton, nobody was doing the kind of research
that I wanted to do. Nobody was doing this kind of more biologically
based research, and it was very frustrating for me because,
you know, I wanted to do research, but I didn't really want to Do, you
know, I didn't want to do a research project that I wasn't super
interested in. Um and so I really That was kind of what What made me
take the job is that I thought, you know what? I can make it kind of
my goal to bring this kind of research to this department so that
if there are other students like me who want to learn more about this
and actually want some hands on experience, well, at least they will
have, you know, some kind of opportunity. It may not be exactly what
they want to do, but it will be closer than you know, what's what's
on offer right now. And I think that that's really what motivated
my decision ultimately to take the job.